There's a common saying today that is popular in the world.
Just follow your heart.
It sounds so sweet, so agreeable, so innocent, but it's not, it's stupid.
To blindly follow your heart, which really means to follow your feelings, your emotions
and leave Jehovah out of the picture is precisely what Proverbs 28, 26 is referring to.
It reads, He that is trusting in His own heart is stupid, but then it adds this interesting
thought.
It says, but He that is walking in wisdom is the one that will escape.
Escape what?
We escape from being guided by a treacherous heart.
That's the point.
Our feelings, our emotions.
It says Jeremiah 179 says, the heart is more treacherous than anything else and is desperate.
We realize that the stupid in the Bible doesn't mean that a person is ignorant.
It really applies to a person who doesn't listen to Jehovah and follow His ways.
Well, the earth today is filled with people who meet that definition.
They don't listen to Jehovah, they don't follow His ways, and so what the Bible says about
them is true.
But they can change.
Some of us have.
We walked in the past, perhaps according to our own heart, but we listened to the truth
and now Jehovah God is guiding us.
Notice what Psalm 49, 10 through 13 says about such people.
Psalm 49, 10 through 13, those who walk according to their own heart.
It reads, He Jehovah sees that even wise people die.
The stupid and the unreasonable perish together, and they must leave their wealth to others.
Their inner wish is that their houses will last forever.
Their tents to generation after generation.
They have named their estates after themselves.
But man, although honored, will not remain, he is no better than the beasts that perish.
This is the way of the stupid ones and of those who follow them who take pleasure in their
empty words.
Yes, how many people today take pleasure in empty words and follow them everywhere?
Men make all kinds of promises about the future and things they're going to accomplish.
They're empty words because they don't take Jehovah God into account.
And what about the teachings at colleges and universities around the world?
There are many empty words by those instructors, especially those who deny God's existence
and latch on to the fantasy of evolution.
Ephesians 5.6 says this,
Let no man deceive you with empty words.
For because of such things, the wrath of God is coming upon the sons of disobedience.
Although there are a lot of empty words about the origin of man, that some kind of ape
is our long-lost ancestor, those truly are empty words, that everything that we see
around us just came about by chance, that somehow in some miraculous way unintelligence
produced intelligence.
I found this interesting observation, actually it's a very amusing observation, in the awake
of April the 8th, 1955, page 6.
The article was considering the belief that rare and large mutations occurred, perhaps
during the Cambrian period, where no intermediate fossils are found of life transitioning from
one kind to another kind.
And this is what the article said.
Suppose that very big rare mutations occurred, involved in forming a new life, and
suppose thousands of years ago an ape gave birth to a male human baby.
This impossible mutation is not enough.
What good is one human?
So this fantastic mutation must happen to another ape mother, only different.
It must be a female human baby, an exact physical and genetic counterpart.
That's not enough.
These two fantastic rarities must happen to two apes that live at the same time, so the
humans can mature together and be the right age for each other.
Nor is that enough.
These two unbelievable events must occur to ape mothers living in the same jungle area,
so that their human offspring will meet and cohabit.
If you think this is distorted, the article goes on to say, because it gets the human
baby in one step, you're right.
But it's easier to have this impossible series of events happen once, than three times,
for many times, depending on the number of steps necessary to get from ape to man.
It is sheer stupidity to think all these factors would be present in one step, and I might
add evolutionists would undoubtedly feel the same way, at least most of them would.
But to think they are present over and over and over again for many steps as evolutionists
must contend is sheer stupidity multiplied many times over.
Now, those who believe or support the theory of evolution are not ignorant people, except
in one area.
They don't believe in God, and really their big problem is they lack faith.
Many evolutionists make the mistake of judging God and the Bible by the churches and their
ridiculous teachings, and there are some evolutionists who are just devoid of faith.
But what they teach, all of them what they teach in connection with evolution, is really
suppressing the truth and misleading millions.
The Apostle Paul wrote about that, Romans chapter 1 verses 18 through 20.
This is what it says, Romans 118 through 20.
For God's wrath is being revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness
of men who are suppressing the truth in an unrighteous way.
Well, that's precisely what this teaching about evolution or the theory of God doesn't
exist, the atheist who have embraced that.
And then it goes on, it says, because what may be known about God is clearly evident among
them.
For God made it clear to them, yes, how, well, it goes on to tell us how, for his invisible
qualities are clearly seen from the world's creation onward, because they are perceived
by the things made, even his eternal power and Godship, so that they, those who don't
believe, are inexcusable.
And that's the truth of the matter.
They are inexcusable.
The teaching of evolution has caused great heartache and much confusion throughout the
earth, no God, no purpose in life, you're just an animal, no God, no male or female,
no marriage, it really doesn't matter what you do with your life, no God, no divine
laws, no rules for us to live by, no God, no hope, how sad, all because they trust
their heart and they pay attention to empty things.
How grateful we are to know the truth, to exercise faith in our loving God, Jehovah,
and to put our full trust in God's Word, the Bible.
Indeed, we praise Jehovah for who He is, the Creator, and we do not pay attention to
empty words.
We listen to His Word that is inspired by Him and that guides us in the pathway to life.